[Music]
not a green-screen hi I'm Jimmy I'm the
host of the show may I ask what you're
doing in my house I hope everybody's
doing all right you know here in Los
Angeles I had to say there have been a
lot of positives about staying at home
the air pollution is gone there's no
traffic and crime is down to almost
nothing there's never been a worse time
to be an Amazon package thief I've had
to stop stealing them myself but it is
kind of funny that crime is down at the
same time everyone's walking around
dressed like they're about to rob a
stagecoach and there's never been a
better time to have a high-speed car
chase the freeways are wide open Jay was
on the run right now he and AC would
have made it to Guatemala don't forget
tomorrow is formal Friday where you
dress up for no good reason and tonight
is special too let's go to Guillermo now
Guillermo tell us what tonight is
tonight Thursday Thursday
what thirsty thirsty thirsty Thursday
that's right Jimmy thank you all right
so last week Guillermo gave us great tip
on how to celebrate Thirsty Thursday and
I want to see if you have another one
tonight because people are looking for
reasons to drink yes Jimmy I have one
this place is for Easter okay okay great
what is it so first you bring a
chocolate bunny okay hi all right
you break the ears off like this huh
then you bring the tequila then you pour
the tequila okay Dan you drink it and
what is that concoction called Guillermo
the Easter Bunny is drunk all right very
catchy I like it don't accidentally put
that in your son's
a skit on Sunday okay no I won't I
promise
all right Easter I'm sure you know or
maybe you don't know I know we don't
know anything anymore is on Sunday and
tonight marks the second night of
Passover I know people who are having
virtual Seder and Easter dinners which
is the best we can do I guess but also
very weird it's odd to end a holiday
family dinner by pressing leave meeting
Easter doesn't feel at all exciting this
year probably because I've spent the
last three weeks driving around looking
for eggs already but some businesses are
finding appropriate ways to celebrate
this Bakery in France is making look at
this what they're making is edible
little masks for each chocolate bunny
yes well I guess so the Buddy doesn't
spread the virus the cream in the middle
of those is fear and at the White House
because of everything going on they had
to make an adjustment to the annual
Easter Egg Roll this year so again Happy
Easter
enjoy yourselves and I'm coming down
right now to be with you First Lady is
coming with me and maybe I'll get this
great Easter Bunny to come with us thank
you very much everybody happy you sir
thank you Sean Spicer is that you behind
that and 95 the president has been
playing a game for Easter it's called
pin the tail on everyone else he is
desperate to shift blame for the fact
that we were unprepared for this
pandemic yesterday his scapegoat was the
World Health Organization the world
w-h-o World Health got it wrong I mean
they got it very wrong in many ways they
were wrong they also minimize the threat
very strongly and not good
yeah not they minimize the threat very
strongly did they minimize the threat
because the person who said this in
January looked an awful lot like you the
words about a pandemic at this point no
or not at all and where we have it
totally under control it's one person
coming in from China and we have it
under control it's gonna be just fine
in his defense he's not too bright but
so now they're trying to do damage
control they trotted out the president's
trade advisor Peter Navarro who's the
guy who wrote the memos back in January
and February warning the president that
everything was not fine
Trump claims he didn't read the memos
which isn't even a good excuse so
Navarro now was dispatched to Fox News
to lavish praise on our dear leader as
every day goes by we see that he was
exactly right in in in doing what he did
he has a greater sense of the chessboard
I think than anyone and I've said and
I've said this repeatedly prior to the
crises I think he will go down as the
greatest president in modern history
for his positions on trade and
immigration but I think in this
particular case what we're seeing is
somebody playing the chess game better
than anyone and Martha we just got a
beat this virus we are at war he's a
wartime president and all this stuff
about memos and things like that you
know we need to focus on getting
medicines to the people forget about the
memos warning him about this in advance
he's a wartime president he's the
greatest president monitored history
where do they keep finding all these
sick pathetic old white guys do they
have a machine that makes them are they
3d printing them somewhere in IO Idaho
or something he didn't read the memos
you wrote for him warning that a
disaster was coming that makes him a
chess master Trump is the only chess
master that probably doesn't know how to
play chess meanwhile the Vice pootle
seems to be learning some Trumpy new
tricks about self-promotion
you know these press briefings go on
forever every day and CNN doesn't carry
the whole thing they get out after Trump
and the doctor speak which apparently
didn't sit well with Mike Pence whose
office openly refused to let White House
health experts appear on CNN until they
start covering all of what Mike Pence
says I don't know how we explained this
to Mike pen he isn't Batman he's Robin
nobody cares about Robin in the last 30
years they made nine Batman movies Robin
only got to be in two of them so calm
down Boy Wonder
this this is no way for the assistant
commander of the space force to behave
anyway team pen
retracted that order today after much
criticism I guess he's resigned himself
to existing in darkness but speaking of
pets this is bad news researchers have
found that cats can get the corona virus
which might be the worst thing to happen
to cats since the movie cats fortunately
most cats already have a policy of
staying at least 6 feet away from their
owners at all times but if yours doesn't
I googled the words cat masks today and
yep they do exist they exist in various
colors for only 3 dollars and 97 cents
finally your cat can look like it had a
terrible skiing accident by the way dogs
appear to be in the clear for this one
they cannot get
but this coronavirus thing just keeps
getting better and better for dogs
especially the Snoop Dogg's according to
a new survey marijuana use is at an
all-time high right now did we really
need a survey to figure that out all you
have to do is count the photos of banana
bread on Instagram there's a lot but it
makes sense what else are people
supposed to do while they're not writing
that screenplay or learning a new
language they said they were going to
learn during this this is something that
doesn't make sense even with couples
stuck at home with nothing to do experts
are saying we're not likely to see a
quarantine baby boom and that's a shame
because my wife and I we say it every
day you know it would be great right now
more kids in the house experts say there
would be a spike in birth rates if we
could stop asking our significant others
why they're loading the dishwasher that
way but we can't over the last few weeks
you know we've been shining a spotlight
on those of you who find creative ways
to entertain yourselves and others under
quarantine and here now in advance of
Easter is our egg themed Corin time
killer of the night
[Music]
who do you think of that Guillermo
watching Guillermo on the monitor right
now did you like that I like it I think
it's very funny
Guillermo have you ever thought about
shaving your head like completely bald
mm-hmm
you know what I was thinking that
yesterday you were but I yeah and I
don't say I don't know if Jimmy's gonna
like it or not and I do it this weekend
for Monday no yeah Jimmy would like it I
think it would be everything would be
great especially on Easter you know you
wake up you surprise the family you have
no hair at all just shave that head
clean would you do that but don't cheat
don't shave the mustache I only want you
to shave your head all right what do you
think I want to bump my my wife won't
let me second I don't have the tools
wait a minute hold on a second what do
you mean your wife won't let you have
you asked her I mentioned to her last
night you go go get her go get her come
on let's let's let's meet Guillermo if I
go get her where is she she in the house
yeah go grab her
we'll wait go ahead okay you know we're
gonna do I mean you go get her I'm gonna
play something and then we'll come back
okay and we'll meet your Mo's wife so go
ahead go get her all right you know this
pandemic has raised a lot of questions
for everybody some serious others
mundane so what I did I asked my
co-workers to go into their browser
histories and share some of the most
random things they've searched for over
the past few weeks these are real all we
did this filter out the porn and so we
give you now the staff of Jimmy Kimmel
lives Google search results
well the coronavirus caused a shortage
of Parmesan cheese can you eat expired
eggs pictures of the worst quarantine
haircuts
how do people on house arrest pass by
time at home does Indian food kill
viruses does to kill the krona
virus just akela kill the corona virus
does whiskey kill the corona virus is it
safe to eat five year old frozen
vegetables and how do you use a bidet
how to lose weight without doing
anything
who has cleaner delivery guys door - or
post means how do I find the perimeter
of the base of a three dimensional prism
how long can I go without showering how
much melatonin can you safely give your
children how soon after breakfast can I
eat lunch how to express your dog's anal
glands yourself the staying indoors all
day make your feet smell what's the
difference between a ship and a boat can
you play the game Clue by yourself
Chrissy chickens banana bread guy with
big penis meme dead brendan fraiser
snorkeling pictures
[Music]
well I don't know about our staff but
I'm happy for Brendan Fraser Guillermo
how people are supposed to be
quarantining now where could his wife be
how big is that house what happened well
she's taking a shower Jimmy all great
bring the computer in there
[Laughter]